docs: Clarify KPR requirements for Kind (#20749)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/gettingstarted/kind.rst

.. note::

   To enable Cilium's Socket LB (:ref:`kubeproxy-free`), Kind nodes
   need to run in separate `cgroup namespaces
   <https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man7/cgroup_namespaces.7.html>`__,

>    and they need to be different from the cgroup namespace

Reviewer: “they” would refer to “Kind nodes”?

```suggestion
   and these namespaces need to be different from the cgroup namespace
```

   of the underlying host so that Cilium can attach BPF programs at the right
   cgroup hierarchy. To verify this, run the following commands, and ensure
   that the cgroup values are different:

   .. code-block:: shell-session

      $ docker exec kind-control-plane ls -al /proc/self/ns/cgroup
      lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 0 Jul 20 19:20 /proc/self/ns/cgroup -> 'cgroup:[4026532461]'

      $ docker exec kind-worker ls -al /proc/self/ns/cgroup
      lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 0 Jul 20 19:20 /proc/self/ns/cgroup -> 'cgroup:[4026532543]'

      $ ls -al /proc/self/ns/cgroup
      lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 0 Jul 19 09:38 /proc/self/ns/cgroup -> 'cgroup:[4026531835]'

   Another requirement for the Socket LB on Kind to properly function is that either cgroup v1

>    controllers ``net_cls`` and ``net_prio`` are disabled (or cgroup v1 all together is disabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   controllers ``net_cls`` and ``net_prio`` are disabled (or cgroup v1 alltogether is disabled
```

Author: :+1: I think you meant `altogether` (https://www.grammarly.com/blog/altogether-vs-all-together/).

   e.g., by setting the kernel parameter ``cgroup_no_v1="all"``), or the host kernel
   should be 5.14 or more recent to include the `fix

>    <https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commit/8520e224f547cd070c7c8f97b1fc6d58cff7ccaa>`__.

Reviewer: “the fix.” sounds very mysterious. Which fix? I'd say “this fix” (implying the one we link), or “the required fix” maybe.
